#310: instruction how to fix module dependency issue (#333)
Xceptance/XLT: README.md

        * [chromedriver](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/)
        * [geckodriver](https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver)

## IDE Import

> * Import the project as `Maven` project into your IDE.
> * After importing a module package conflict might be blamed. In that case go to your IDE's build path settings and remove package `jdk.sobject` from module dependencies.

Reviewer: IMO there is no need for using an unordered list here as those items are (nearly) paragraphs anyway. 
```suggestion
Follow your IDE's instructions on how to import an existing Maven project.

Once import of the project has completed, a module package conflict might be blamed. In that case, go to your IDE's build path settings and remove module `jdk.jsobject` from the module dependencies.
```

Also, please add a blank line between headline and text.

>     * Example "eclipse"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example - Eclipse IDE
```

>         * Right click imported `XLT project` > `Build Path` > `Configure Build Path...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Right-click on imported project and select `Build Path` > `Configure Build Path...`
```
